♪ ...so find yourself somebody ♪
♪ Get yourself somebody ♪
till somebody loves you ♪
♪ You're nobody
till somebody cares ♪
♪ Now you may be king ♪
♪ You may possess ♪
♪ The world and its gold ♪
♪ Gold won't bring you
happiness ♪
♪ When you're growing old ♪
is still the same ♪
♪ Now the world
♪ You'll never change it ♪
♪ As sure as the stars
shine above ♪
♪ You're nobody ♪
♪ Till somebody loves you ♪
♪ So find yourself somebody ♪
♪ Get yourself somebody ♪
♪ Find yourself somebody ♪
♪ Somebody to love. ♪
( applause )
Thank you.
Hey, it's been 400 years
but that little number
still works for me.
( audience laughing )
Isn't he
terrific?
I prefer
Klingon opera.
Come on, I'll
introduce you.
To a hologram?
Uh, Doctor, is this
really necessary?
Trust me. He's no
ordinary hologram.
BASHIR: Vic.
You're terrific,
great.
Thanks, Doc.
O'BRIEN:
Wonderful.
DAX:
Very nice.
I know what you're thinking--
he has pretty sweet pipes
for a light bulb.
Light bulb?
That's what I am, right?
A collection of photons
and force fields--
you know, your basic heuristic
fully interactive hologram.
He knows he's a hologram?
Felix designed him
that way.
Thought it would give him
the right attitude for the era.
If you're going to
work Vegas in the '60s
you better know the score
otherwise, you're
going to look like a Clyde.
A Clyde?
A Harvey, you know.
Harvey?
A square.
You know what
a square is, right?
It's one side of a cube.
that answers my question.
Well, I guess
your manners, Julian?
Where are
Aren't you going to introduce me
to your entourage?
I am so sorry.
Commanders Dax
and Worf,
this is
Vic Fontaine.
How long you kids
been married?
How did you know
we were married?
in as many joints as I have
When you sing
you become a student
of the human heart.
Don't beat yourself up, pally.
Just because you miss
your wife doesn't mean
you've gone blind.
What's that supposed to mean?
It means there are a lot
of very attractive ladies
in the room
and it's all right
to look at them
as long as you don't touch.
He's good.
And as for you two...
Yes?
Forget I brought it up.
Never mind.
You have time
for another song?
Oh, no, no.
We've got to split, Vic.
where to find me.
Well, you know
By the way, this is
a high-class joint.
That means coat and ties
for the gents
dresses for the ladies.
like a trapeze act.
You guys look
Catch you
later, baby.
Come on, Julian--
you told him about Keiko.
I didn't say a word.
( chuckling )
So, why don't we all meet here
tomorrow night at 2100?
We can listen to
Vic's whole set
then maybe hit
the casinos
play a little blackjack,
roulette.
We'll be there.
Right?
I still prefer
Klingon operas.
Well, count me out.
I'm leaving for Bajor
in the morning.
Oh, that's right.
I forgot.
Say hi to Shakaar for me.
Sorry.
I forgot.
Pretend you didn't hear that.
She doesn't want
anyone to know
that she's visiting
the First Minister.
Business or pleasure?
Ah, you see what
you started?
I said I was sorry.
So...
what do you think?
About what?
About Vic.
Clever, isn't he?
Too clever.
I tell you,
I owe the man, Miles.
If it wasn't for him
I wouldn't be dating
Ensign Walker.
What are you
talking about?
She turned down
three dinner invitations.
I talked to Vic
he gave me a few pointers
and, uh, voila.
O'BRIEN:
Julian, are you telling me
that you discussed
your love life
with a hologram?
He's not an ordinary
hologram, Miles.
He knows about love,
life, women.
Three things you know
nothing about.
Now that's a little unfair.
Well, then why are
you asking advice
from a light bulb?
I don't know why
you're so surprised.
What did you expect
was going to happen?
I wasn't expecting anything.
I see.
How long has it been
since Shakaar and
Major Kira broke up?
I don't know.
About a year.
It's been over a year.
You've had plenty of time
to arrange a... "a merger"
with Kira, but in all
that time, have you
even tried to open
negotiations? No.
It's not that simple.
Odo, the woman waited a year
for you to make an offer--
any kind of offer.
plenty of opportunities
Face it. You've had
and you've let them
all slip away.
Who asked for your opinion?
You did.
about a missing shipment
I came here to talk
of groat clusters.
You're the one who started
talking about the Major.
You want my advice?
No.
Make it easy
on both of us.
Forget all about her.
Is that the best you can do?
I'd like to see someone
do better.
So would I.
You're not exactly
the most lovable person
in the galaxy.
You're not even
the most lovable person
in this sector
or on the station...
or even in this room.
( soft chuckle )
You are cold...
rigid, remote.
Can I leave now?
Please do.
Wait.
Odo... make
up your mind.
( sighs )
I need a favor from you.
It's about... Dr. Bashir's
new holosuite program.
( sighs )
You're up late, Doctor.
Yeah. Can't sleep.
Feeling a bit
tense, actually.
I've got just the thing.
One warp core breach...
coming right up.
A few sips of this...
and you'll be relaxed
for the next three days.
I'm not that
tense, Quark.
Look, I think
I'll just go up
to the holosuite
for a bit and--
Holosuite?
Yes. If you could hand
me my new program--
all the holosuites are in use.
Uh, sorry, Doctor,
At this hour?
It's been that kind of a night.
I'm afraid there won't
be one available
for the rest of the evening.
Oh, that's unfortunate.
and wake up Miles...
Maybe I'll go
play a little tongo.
VIC:
I remember back in...
I was playing the Sands.
must have been '58,
One night, Frank
and Dean dropped by.
We ended up taking over
one of the blackjack tables.
Between the three of us
we must've dropped
15 big ones
and believe me, back then,
that wasn't chump change.
So Frank goes over
to the pit boss--
what was his name? Uh--
Look, Mr. Fontaine...
Vic.
Vic... these stories
are all very interesting
but I didn't come here
to reminisce about your past.
Yesterday, when my friends
and I were here...
you seemed to know things.
I've been around the block
a couple times.
No, you seemed to know
specific things.
For instance,
Dax and Worf are married...
the Chief misses his wife.
You don't have to be
an Einstein
to clue into any of that.
At one point, you were
going to make an observation
about...
Major Kira and myself.
I thought about it
to embarrass anyone, you know
but I didn't want
give away any secrets.
Exactly what secrets
are you talking about?
Come on-- do I really have
to connect the dots?
You're crazy about the broad
but you're afraid
to do anything about it.
And she...
well, you know.
No. Go on.
It's the oldest story
in the book.
She thinks of you as a friend.
( rueful laugh )
I wouldn't call that
a secret.
But women have been known
to change their minds.
You just have to
give them a reason.
You make it sound so easy.
That's because
it's not that hard.
The girl already
likes you.
That means you're
halfway home.
Well... she's aware
of my feelings toward her
but the truth is,
she prefers Shakaar.
Who?
The First Minister of Bajor.
He's a leader, a hero,
a man with great charisma.
I don't care
if he's JFK.
It's not the other guy
you have to worry about.
It's you.
Me?
That's right.
I mean, for starters,
you've got to lose
this whole Nanook
of the North thing.
I... I-I don't understand.
Well, I mean, you've got
about as much personality
as an icicle.
but you're frozen solid.
Cool is one thing,
You think I have no emotions.
Oh, believe me, I do.
I just don't always show them.
And therein lies
the problem.
Come with me.
Where to?
Look, pally, if you
want to win the girl
we got to thaw you
out a little bit.
You know, turn up the heat...
get those emotions
you claim to have
bubbling to
the surface.
It's time to have some fun.
have to do with Major Kira?
What does fun
I'll pretend I didn't hear that.
First... let's lose
those threads.
I mean, there's nothing
like a tuxedo to make you feel
like... a million bucks.
something like this?
You mean...
Very sharp.
After you.
Oh, uh... I don't sing.
Glad to hear it.
I don't need
the competition.
What I do need is someone to
handle the black and whites.
My piano player just threw
ten sevens in a row
at the craps table
and took off for Reno.
So have a seat, my friend.
Crowd's getting restless.
What crowd?
That one.
Good evening, ladies
and gentlemen.
I'm Vic Fontaine.
is going to be a gas.
And tonight
Hit it, Nanook.
No. I-I don't play the piano.
You want to bet?
( jazzy piano introduction )
Stay with me, pally.
Well, you don't need me.
The piano's doing all the work.
That's not the point.
You've got to sell it.
Style, baby, style.
Make 'em believe.
Style.
♪ Come fly with me ♪
♪ Come fly, let's fly away ♪
some exotic booze ♪
♪ If you can use
♪ There's a bar in far Bombay ♪
♪ Come fly with me
♪ Come fly, let's fly away ♪
♪ Come fly with me ♪
♪ Let's take off to Peru ♪
there's a one-man band ♪
♪ In llama land,
his flute for you ♪
♪ And he'll toot
♪ Come fly with me ♪
♪ Let's take off in the blue ♪
♪ Once I get you up there ♪
♪ Where the air is rarefied ♪
♪ We'll just glide ♪
♪ Starry eyed ♪
♪ Once I get you up there ♪
♪ I'll be holding you so near ♪
♪ You may hear ♪
'cause we're together ♪
♪ Angels cheer
♪ Weather-wise ♪
♪ It's such a lovely day ♪
♪ You just say the words ♪
♪ And we'll beat the birds ♪
♪ Down to Acapulco Bay ♪
for a flying honeymoon ♪
♪ It's perfect
♪ They say ♪
♪ Come fly with me ♪
♪ Let's fly, let's fly away ♪
♪ Once I get you up there ♪
♪ Where the air is rarefied ♪
♪ We'll just glide ♪
♪ Starry eyed ♪
♪ Once I get you up there ♪
♪ I'll be holding you so near ♪
♪ You may hear ♪
'cause we're together ♪
♪ Angels cheer
♪ Weather-wise ♪
♪ It's such a lovely day ♪
♪ Just say the words ♪
♪ And we'll beat the birds ♪
♪ Down to Acapulco Bay ♪
for a flying honeymoon ♪
♪ It's perfect
♪ They say ♪
♪ Come fly with me ♪
♪ Let's fly, let's fly away ♪
♪ Pack up, let's fly away. ♪
( jazzy glissando )
( applause )
Whoo!
No, it's... it's nothing.
Cool!
( chuckles )
Bottoms up.
Oh, I don't drink.
Why am I not surprised?
It's not real booze.
You're in a holosuite,
remember?
Ah.
So, how'd you like
being in the spotlight?
Very bright.
That's all you got to say?
Well, the lights kept me
from seeing the audience.
I suppose that's why
I wasn't nervous.
Nothing to be
nervous about.
You were too busy
having fun.
( chuckles )
Well, I suppose I was.
I'm just grateful none
of my friends saw me.
There you go--
tensing up again.
Look at you.
I mean, you're standing
there like a statue.
I mean, the only things
you're going to attract
are pigeons.
Sit down.
Relax.
Take a couple
of deep breaths.
You do that
and everything you want
will come to you.
That's all it takes?
Try it.
Go on.
( knock on door )
See?
Are you expecting someone?
Let's find out.
Surprise!
Well, for crying out
loud, what are you
two lovely ladies doing here?
You invited us,
remember?
Oh, that's right.
Come on in.
Odo, we've got company.
Look, it's the piano player.
We saw you perform tonight.
Melissa thinks
you're adorable.
Would you mind if I
looked at your hands?
Show her your hands.
I knew it. They're
so artistic.
You know, I once played
on the same bill
WOMAN:
with Liberace.
He has the sweetest dimples.
Are you classically trained?
No, actually, uh--
Vic taught me
everything I know.
Is he a good student?
Head of his class.
Maybe I can help you
get your diploma.
All right, ladies,
the night is young
and I have a table waiting
for us at the Dunes.
( gasps ):
We're going to see Shecky.
MELISSA:
Shecky.
Shecky who?
Oh, you didn't tell me
he had a sense of humor.
WOMAN:
He plays the piano
and he's funny.
Kind of like Victor Borge.
Who?
I think I'm in love.
After you, ladies.
Uh, I-I don't think--
What are you
worried about?
Melissa's a very nice girl.
Oh, no, I'm sure she is.
It's just... she's not Kira.
Tell me something.
How do you get
to Carnegie Hall?
I have no idea.
Practice, practice,
practice.
Get it?
No.
Think of this evening
as a trial run.
Trust me. You're
going to do great.
All right.
Captain, here's the report
on that smuggling
ring you requested.
Should I forward
the information
to the Zevian authorities?
I'll let you know
in a minute.
( humming "They Can't Take That
Away From Me" )
♪ No, no, they ♪
♪ Can't take that away from me ♪
♪ The way your smile
just beams... ♪
Yes, Captain?
Oh, don't stop on my account.
Stop what?
You were singing.
I was singing?
♪ No, no ♪
♪ They can't take that
away from me. ♪
You're right.
I was singing.
♪ They can't ♪
♪ Take that ♪
♪ Away from me ♪
♪ We may never ♪
♪Never meet again ♪
♪ On the ♪
♪ Bumpy road ♪
♪ To love. ♪
Lieutenant.
Julian.
Morning.
Ops.
I wonder...
should you ask Kira
about Shakaar or should I?
Why don't you do the honors?
But you'll have to wait.
She's staying on Bajor
for two more days.
She and Shakaar must
be having a good time.
That'd be my guess.
Poor Odo.
Odo? What's he got
to do with it?
Not a thing.
That's the problem.
QUARK:
Have fun.
for that kind applause.
Thank you, thank you
Keep clapping.
There's a fly buzzing the room
is bound to nail him.
and one of you
( rim shot, laughter )
Why the long face,
buddy boy?
You still haven't told me
what I'm supposed to do
about Kira and Shakaar.
Shakaar? Forget
about that fink.
I'll bet he doesn't look
half as good in a tux
as you do.
( scoffs )
What difference
does that make?
You've been coming here
every night for a week.
Have I steered you wrong?
No.
Then you trust your Uncle Vic.
Ladies and gentlemen,
we have a very special surprise
for you tonight.
If this babe doesn't raise
your temperature
the obituary column
you better check
because chances are
you're in it, pally.
( laughter )
Let's have a nice, warm
round of applause
for Miss Lola Chrystal.
( applause )
( playing "Fever" )
how much I love you ♪
♪ Never know
♪ Never know how much I care ♪
♪ When you put your arms
around me ♪
that's so hard to bear ♪
♪ I get a feeling
♪ You give me fever... ♪
Remind you of anyone?
♪ When you kiss me ♪
♪ Fever when you hold me tight ♪
♪ Fever ♪
( sax sting )
♪ In the morning ♪
♪ Fever all through the night ♪
♪ Everybody's ♪
♪ Got the fever ♪
♪ That is something ♪
♪ You all know ♪
♪ Fever isn't such a new thing ♪
♪ Fever started long, long ago ♪
( sax solo )
♪ Sun lights up the daytime ♪
♪ Moon lights up the night ♪
when you call my name ♪
♪ I light up
I'm gonna treat you right ♪
♪ 'Cause you know
♪ You give me fever ♪
♪ When you kiss me ♪
♪ Fever, if you live,
you learn ♪
♪ Fever ♪
( sax sting )
♪ Till you sizzle ♪
♪ What a lovely way to burn ♪
♪ What a lovely way
to burn ♪
♪ What a lovely way to burn. ♪
( applause and cheering )
Don't look now, but
I think she likes you.
A toast.
As Georgie Jessel
once said
"To whatever
makes you happy."
My thoughts exactly.
I'm going to turn in.
can live without me, I trust?
You two lovebirds
Oh, we'll manage.
( whistling )
( clears throat )
You have a
beautiful voice.
( laughs softly )
And you...
have beautiful hands.
( laughs )
So I've been told.
They feel good, too.
So do you.
( sighs )
to hold you like this
I've been waiting
for as long as I can remember.
We just met tonight.
I must have
a short memory.
You're funny.
Kind of like Victor Borge?
How'd you know?
Ah, I... I can't.
I can't do this.
Why not?
I'm sorry.
It has nothing
to do with you.
Vic? Vic?!
( door opens )
What's wrong?
This isn't working.
I thought you two were
getting along just fine.
Of course, we are.
to find me irresistible.
You programmed her
a criminal activities report.
I could read her
She'd think it was poetry.
Do you want me to reprogram
her-- make her play hard to get?
ODO:
No. She's nothing like Kira.
Who's Kira?
Of course,
she's not Kira.
She's a hologram.
A what?
Sweetheart, please,
stay out of this.
Do you know how difficult
it was for me
to get a holographic image
of Major Kira?
Lucky for you,
Julian used her image
in one of his spy programs--
though it did
take me an hour
to get rid
of the Russian accent.
Look, I appreciate
what you've done for me
but I'm afraid
it's all been in vain.
I may be Romeo
in the holosuite
but I know the first time
I see the real Kira
I'll turn back into
Nanook of the North.
At least you're starting
to talk the talk.
No, I was hoping for
a bit more than that.
Wait. Wait a minute.
You can't give up now.
I'm sorry,
but I am tired
of discussing my feelings
with a hologram.
You're a hologram, too?
KIRA: Odo,
hello.
Major.
Anything interesting
happen while I was gone?
Interesting?
No, no. Nothing at all.
As a matter of
fact, it's...
been rather dull.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Well, I, uh...
I'd better get
back to work.
Hey, doll face.
You asleep?
did you get in here?
How the hell
I'm performing next door
for Dax and Worf.
so I transferred my matrix
I'm between sets,
from that holosuite to this one.
Now, I don't have much time.
What do you want?
We have to talk.
About what?
Odo. What else?
Odo.
Come on, Major,
don't be coy.
he's nuts about you.
We both know
He told you that.
He tells me everything.
a lot of time together.
We've been spending
Odo... spending time
in a holosuite?
And loving it.
Uh, I'm sorry.
the Odo that I know.
That's just not
Which tells you what?
as well as you think you do.
You don't know him
stick-in-the-mud anymore.
He's not the same
That cat can swing.
about the same Odo?
Are we talking
The one and only.
But let me tell you
he wants to swing with is you.
the only chick
I take it that's a good thing.
It's love, baby.
Nothing better than that.
How did you get in here again?
Don't try to change the subject.
We're talking about you and Odo.
No, that's what you're
talking about.
I'm trying to meditate.
And I don't
mean to interrupt.
Good, then leave.
Talk about your cranky aliens.
You two really are
made for each other.
Which is why
you've got to come
to the holosuite tonight.
What for?
So you and Odo
can have dinner together.
to have dinner with me
If Odo wants
he ask me himself?
then why doesn't
Because I'm asking you for him
and neither one of us
will take no for an answer.
Well then I...
better say yes.
( laughs )
Crazy.
( groans )
Odo? Can you hear me?
VIC:
Vic?
What are you doing
on the com line?
I need to talk to you.
to the holosuite tonight.
I want you to come
Why?
I've done a complete overhaul
on the Lola hologram--
the Kira hologram?
or should I say
I'm telling you, Odo
you're going to think
she's the real thing.
She walks like Kira;
she talks like Kira.
Really?
to accomplish that?
How did you manage
I don't have time
to explain now.
I'll see you tonight, 9:00--
That's 2100 to you.
I know.
VIC: I'll see you then, pally.
you two know each other.
I believe
You look lovely.
Thank you.
So do you.
VIC:
Mademoiselle.
I'll be your server
this evening.
I'll try not
to spill anything.
To begin, a little
Dom Perignon, '55
Oysters Rockefeller...
and some
by Caesar salad
to be followed
chateaubriand
and cherries jubilee.
very interesting, but, uh...
This is all
don't you feel a little silly
being here in a holosuite?
A bit.
VIC:
Let me know when you're
ready for the salad.
Bon appetit.
It's French.
An Earth language.
It means "enjoy your meal."
I didn't know you spoke French.
I don't.
I learned from Vic.
It's something
French is, uh...
( with French accent ):
the language of love.
Vic's a fountain of information.
He's certainly a man
of many talents.
But...
to talk about Vic, are we?
we're really not here
I'm certainly not.
Hmm.
what this would be like.
I always wondered
The two of us having
dinner together?
It's certainly
not the way
I pictured it would be.
( chuckling )
It is a bit unusual.
Is something wrong?
You haven't touched
your food.
No, it-it looks
delicious.
I-I'm not hungry.
Truth is I'm
a little nervous.
You? Nervous?
A bit.
It is a first date, right?
Right.
Well, there's nothing wrong
with being a little nervous
it doesn't get in the way.
as long as
Of what?
Of enjoying yourself.
I thought the only thing
you enjoy is your work.
How'd you know that?
You told me yourself.
Well done, Vic.
Vic?
Never mind.
I do...
enjoy my work.
I've used it as an excuse
But I'm afraid
to avoid the rest of my life.
I know the feeling.
( soft jazz playing )
♪ I've got you ♪
♪ Under my skin ♪
♪ Deep in the heart of me ♪
♪ So deep in my heart ♪
♪ You're really a part of me ♪
♪ I've got you ♪
♪ Under my skin... ♪
It's a pretty song.
It is, isn't it?
You're sure
you're not hungry?
I'm sure.
What do we do now?
Only one thing we can do.
Dance with me.
I-I'm not sure I
know how to dance
to this kind
of music.
Just... stay close.
♪ You never can win ♪
Oh, sorry.
No, that's good.
♪ Use your mentality ♪
♪ Wake up to reality... ♪
Whoo!
( laughing )
♪ And each time I do ♪
♪ Just the thought of you
makes me stop ♪
♪ Before I begin ♪
♪ 'Cause I've got you... ♪
I had no idea
you could dance.
It's amazing what you can learn
in a holosuite.
I can't believe we're
having our first date
in a holosuite.
♪ 'Cause I've got you ♪
♪ Under my skin. ♪
I understand that
you wouldn't be
comfortable at Quark's,
but I know one or two
out-of-the-way
restaurants on the station.
Well, I don't think
that's possible.
You embarrassed
of being seen with me?
No.
I meant...
it would be difficult
for you to leave
the holosuite.
Why?
Well, it's complicated.
Complicated to leave
a holosuite?
You make it sound
like I'm a hologram.
Aren't you?
Is that what you think?
Maybe you'd
better tell her.
There's nothing to tell.
but I'm not that good.
I'm good, pally,
with the real McCoy.
You been dancing
And me.
You tricked me!
you two lovebirds together.
Hey, I brought
That was the whole idea,
wasn't it?
Nerys...
Kira...
Major...
( sighs )
Don't say it.
Computer, end program.
( heavy sigh )
Odo? Are you there?
VIC:
I have nothing to say to you.
VIC: Look, I know you think
I sold you down the river.
You lied to me!
VIC: It was for your own good.
playing around with holograms
It was time for you to stop
and start playing around
with the real thing.
You should have told me
it was really Kira.
Would you have shown up
if I had?
I don't hear an answer, pally.
If you think about it, there's
not much to be mad about.
I saw the way she looked at you
while the two of you
were dancing.
The lady digs you big time.
She "digs" Shakaar.
what she thinks of me.
I can only imagine
she was a hologram.
I kept insisting
Odo, listen to me.
No! I'm done listening to you!
Computer, end transmission.
Are you going to tell
me what's wrong?
Oh, there's nothing wrong.
Have you ever had a moment
of pure clarity--
a moment where the truth
seems to just leap up
and grab you by the throat?
I bet this has
something to do
with your visit
with Shakaar.
Oh, this has nothing
to do with Shakaar.
Now, tell me, have you ever
had a moment like that?
One or two,
but, of course
that's over a span
of seven lifetimes.
Only two moments
of clarity
in seven lifetimes?
Nerys, total clarity
is a very rare thing.
I guess so.
And when it comes to you
it's important
that you act on it
because... believe me
confusion and doubt
will take over
before you know it.
You're absolutely right.
Makes perfect sense.
Don't tell me
you're having another
"moment of clarity."
That's two
in two days.
That's amazing.
Odo, wait.
Major, if you
don't mind
I'd like to forget
all about last night.
I don't think
that's a good idea.
We need to talk
about what happened.
Very well, then we can meet
in my office in an hour.
No, let's discuss it
over dinner.
Dinner?
Yeah, you can choose
the restaurant. Anywhere
but a holosuite.
What about Shakaar?
Do you think he'll approve?
Look, I don't care
whether he approves or not.
Shakaar and I are friends.
That's all-- friends.
The First Minister
asked me to update him
on the war
with the Dominion.
My visit was
strictly business.
Now, are we going to have
dinner together or not?
And if we do,
then what?
I don't know, maybe we
could go dancing.
And after that,
I suppose you'll
expect me to kiss you.
Well, it's possible.
Well then, who
needs dinner?
Why don't I just
get it over with
and kiss you right now?
Well, why don't you?
You're right.
Who needs dinner?
♪ 'Cause I've got you ♪
♪ Under my skin ♪
♪ Under my skin. ♪
( music continues )
( song ends )
there's only one way
Here in Vegas,
you don't lose any money.
to make sure
you step off the plane
The moment
right into the propellers.
you walk
( laughter )
( rim shot and applause )
See you in a few
minutes, folks.
Odo. Hey,
long time no see.
Well, I've been busy.
So I hear.
Julian tells me you and
the Major are quite an item.
Well, for the moment.
Who knows how
long it'll last.
That's my Odo--
always ready to turn
victory into defeat.
( chuckling )
I... wanted to thank you
for all your help.
Anytime, pally.
Anytime.
Hey, you feel like
sitting in on a number?
Uh... some other time.
Well, say hi
to the Major for me.
Hey, do me a favor.
Leave the program running
for a few minutes
after you leave.
I feel like singing.
Whatever makes you happy.
( "Come Fly With Me" begins )
♪ Come fly with me ♪
♪ Come fly, let's fly away ♪
some exotic booze ♪
♪ If you can use
♪ There's a bar in far Bombay ♪
a flying honeymoon ♪
♪ It's perfect for
♪ They say ♪
♪ Come fly with me ♪
♪ Come fly, let's fly away ♪
♪ Pack up, let's fly away. ♪